bioshock infinite's how to easily kill
the handymen the handymen in my opinion
are probably is probably the hardest
enemy in the game to kill but I found an
easy way to kill one that in almost
every circumstances works this is on
1999 mode so you die really fast even
move my character who has max HP and max
shield but I found an easy way to kill
them what you have to do is every time
you fight a handyman you always have a
rail system that goes in a circle every
single fight that you have won I think
we fight for Vogt throughout the game
each of them has a rail system going
around in a circle this occasion is near
the end of the game for spoilers if you
didn't know I just had a bit of trouble
killing the random enemies that are
laying around because he comes at the
same time you fight those guys but you
have to do is ride the rail system
around in the circle and after you do
that for a while the handyman will jump
up to grab the railing to electrify it
and as he's electrifying it that is your
chance to shoot him
you can shock them but the shock and
murder of crows don't last long enough
to allow you to get the bonus damage
effect to work very well this area was
just a little bit convenient because it
also has the turf to shoot at him but I
don't use that till the end but as you
can see here when he's grabbing on to
the railing and you to shoot him read
the weapons I'm using her as a volley
gun and a carbine I usually have a
shotgun and a sniper but for this point
in the game I found the ball again it's
actually fairly effective because it
does a lot of damage and it stuns and
you hit him but what you got to do is
just ride the rails till he grabs to
shock him and you just continue to shoot
him while he's hung on to the railing
otherwise in that he is a very hard to
kill because he runs faster than you and
he can take out all your shields in one
hit on the hardest difficulty and even
on the easier one while you're shooting
them tips that I can probably give you
is a try to dodge his electric bolts
that he does shoot out at you
occasionally when you're on the rail
system but as long as you're moving it
should be too hard to hit
and use any gun but I would suggest
using an explosive you in this room and
a lot of the other words you do get
volley guns and what not to shoot them
other than that the violet handymen
aren't that hard but if you don't know
how to kill them they are extremely hard
considering that when you first buy them
you have no idea you don't your guns
aren't that good and what not better
than that that is basically the easy way
to kill the handyman in BioShock
Infinite on the hardest difficulty and
works on any difficulty thanks for
watching